Microsoft Build June 2-3, 2026 Session: BRK221 Speakers: Aria, Devanshi Joshi, Gopi Prashanth, Nova, Simon Jakesch, Sre, Sre Agent
Devanshi Joshi:  All right. Hello, everyone. Let's get started with the next improv show here in the BATS Improv Theater. Well, I wish I did improv, but we're going to do a session at Microsoft Build. I hope you guys are having an amazing Build. Day one was awesome; today is day two. Right after lunch. Not sleepy, let's wake up the room a little bit. So, here to get your ideas to production in seconds. So, little bit of energy out there, hi everyone, are you awake, give me a cheer, hey! Okay! I'm Devanshi Joshi, I'm the Product Marketing Manager for Azure Container Apps. And we will be taking you through getting your agents in production in seconds on an AI-native runtime. And I will be joined by Simon from the Microsoft Product Team, here. Say hi, Simon. All right. And Gopi, our customer Auger. 
Gopi Prashanth:  Hello. 
Devanshi Joshi:  So, the plan here is to cover why agents break between demo setups and getting to production. 
Followed by a live demo on getting you set up from scratch what are the solutions you take to get that flawless infrastructure to code to deployment to optimization putting piecing things together 
and why they matter. And how Container Apps is actually delivering on these experiences stretching across all the threads for your agent runtime. With Auger finally coming on stage to highlight this in action in their production. All right. So, with a quick show of hands, can you tell me how many of you are already deploying agents in the last three months? In the room. Okay. 
How many, keep your hands up. How many of your agents are still doing what you wanted them to do when you deployed them? All right, that's the room, pretty much 50 to 70% of the hands went down. So, Gartner's predicting over 40% of these agentic AI projects will be canceled by 2027. And it's not because of the models, it's because of what you're running, where you're running, how you're running, so the runtime. And one bad tool call that your agent is making brings down your workspace, what you're connecting to, your restarting, rebuilding. And that cold start throttle in your agent loop, all of this adds to the toil for your execution environment. Leading to sometime even leaks for your data. So, every time you're trying to build from scratch, whether you're connecting to existing pieces of code, or you're trying to bring in new experiences for your setup. These are five things we believe the runtime must deliver on for you to be successful. Not once, not sometimes, but all the time. So, first of all, your budget is being burned when left unattended. 
So someone on a popular news channel actually put it really well. Agents are extremely good at burning through budgets. And get even better when left unattended. So, the runaway loop over night can torch a month of your budget for tokens spent. Even before you even notice it, get a hang of it. So, next one is untrusted code on your dev laptop. 
Sure, he didn't have access to your environment, which is already hosting your SSH keys, prod cookies and even your prod credentials. Maybe not the right idea to be doing this on the same machine, right? Then, not a sandbox, definitely a liability across all of this. Cold start throttles of your agent loop. There are infrastructure startups right now just provisioning and helping customers for hitting subsecond startup times. 
So, cold start is no longer acceptable at all. Like, when your agent is sitting and just waiting for provisioning, that's a big no. Ten-second startup was old-time technology, now we're talking less than 100 milliseconds. 
That's where we are. And for your workspaces that are dying based on every restart, losing context, cache, intermediate states, all gone. Every restart is paying that environment setup tax. And long-running agents cannot be long-running agents if that floor of context is taken away. 
Tooling stitched together by hand. Well every runtime ships its own configs packaging 
its own rules and pointing between your runtimes as you go from development of tooling and agents and all these pieces together. 
That's another headache to take care of, so. None of these are model problems. These are all runtime issues. So it's less about which model to pick all the time but more about having a reliable experience for your agent creation 
hosting production observing and all the time. So, the real question is, what would that runtime actually look like? 
Definitely a fast startup and resume. Agents are event-driven. They wake up, they do their task, they go back to idle, they wake up again. So, taking that ten seconds, too much, nobody cares; it's too hard for the agent to come back on and continue with the user's interest. We leave the window. Cold starts have to be subsecond every time. 
Not a tuning exercise, not something that you get right on the fifth day. Second, every agent tool calling execution should be easily stitched together with your rest of the apps, the agents, everything all together. So, agents are only useful when they are acting, calling APIs, running code, talking to other cloud services. All of that must be inside the runtime itself and not in a fragile glue code experience that just comes on and lights up. 
Third, persistent store state. So, long-running agents, reasoning across hours, all of us would've seen folks running around with open laptop lids, thumbs are at full exercise throttle, so yeah. We need that persistence across, we need the agent live and running. 
And no one wants to pay the environment setup tax. Finally, the strong isolation for the agent task. Every execution landing across its own fresh sandbox, while retaining the security boundaries. Preventing any data leaks, any other system leaks, permission leaks, access leaks, all of that always maintained. And always secure by default. Not just at identity level or data level, the access control, what and which systems that your tool calling is connecting the agent to. Everything governed together. It's not even at every agent or every project level, it's at the runtime level. 
And these aren't five optimizations, they are the specs that you build with. So, get them right and you would not be the 40% that gets canceled by 2027. So, with that I would like to actually invite Simon to take us through building this in action. Simon.    
Simon Jakesch: Thank you, Devanshi. 
Hello everyone. I'm the guy they call on stage when the high wire act goes, so we will have a high wire act. I'm going to explain some of this today for you first. And then we'll dive into the more exciting part for me especially, the demo. First, this demo is to show many of the features that Devanshi has just advertised. We're going to look at the scalability the individual sandboxing we're going to look at the flexibility that Azure Container Apps offers with serverless GPUs 
and sandboxes. And so, I'm going to just walk you through this. Let's first pay attention to this top part. In this top part, we have a Container Apps environment; this is what all of you are very familiar with. 
Here, we run two models on serverless GPU, one is Whisper and one is Kokoro. These are speech-to-text, as well as text-to-speech models. And then we run a multi-agent broker that basically takes every prompt that comes in and out of every agent. And translates it from text to audio. So, that's the first part of this demo. And then, on the bottom part, you can see all of the agent infrastructure. And so, you can see there is a sandbox, we call this sandbox, or this agent, Aria; it runs Copilot CLI. 
There is a sandbox called Nova, it runs Copilot CLI. And then I've also added Azure SRE Agent as well, as part of this demo. And there's a series of proxy bridges that will basically go and interface with the multi-agent broker to go in and out with voice to these agents. And then, we will interact with this, and this is what I'm going to switch to next, is the browser. Where we have this conversation with our agent. And then, as extra credit, and this is where I'm really going to be sweating, the phone as well. 
Via the call gateway that was developed and runs on Azure Container Apps by Twilio. So, let's get going. And I pulled, I'm pushing demo one, there we go, okay, cool. So, here we are. 
This is our browser view. We have our demos, our agents here. And we can just get started, and just to take off the edge for these guys, I'm going to just do a mic check for them. Can you do a mic check, you're actually on stage, can you say hello to the audience for us? 
And there's a little bit of a delay.    
Aria: Hey everyone, so great to be here with you all tonight. Let's have an amazing time together. 
Simon Jakesch:  All right. So, let's give Aria a job. So, there's actually three agents. Aria is just a regular copilot/developer for us. We have Nova, who's a personal assistant; she has access to my calendar, my Teams meetings, and all my emails. 
And then there's SRE Agent, which actually monitors this application. And can then tell us about the health of all of this infrastructure. So, let's give Aria a job and see how she does. 
I have no idea whether or not this will work or not. Hey Aria, can you build a tic-tac-toe game and tell me the port that it's listening on once you're done? So, she's going to go off and do this work, this will likely take a couple of minutes. And while we do that, why don't we ask Nova to tell me what important Build-related meetings I have today. 
Hey Nova, can you tell me what Build-related meetings are on my calendar today? And you can see, I could have these doors open and then just have a natural conversation with all of these agents. I can just, like, literally run this in the browser and kind of keep going back and forth. I find these omnichannel experiences a lot more natural than constantly typing. Kind of feels silly. 
So, this will also take a little while.    
Nova: Looks like you've got two clear Build-related ones today. Microsoft Build expert shift calendar hold and a couple of Microsoft Build sessions. TECHBRK221 and BRK221. Sounds like a busy Build day. 
Simon Jakesch: Can you also tell me what my last Teams message was? So, you see these work through the sandbox connectors. Sandboxes natively come with the ability to connect up to endless number of endpoints. And it can, they can utilize them very easily. 
Nova: Your most recent Teams message is from Vyom Nagrani in the Twilio plus voice live PI plus SRE Agent. Chat sent just moments ago. Letting folks know that Simon is presenting live at the Build BRK221 session right now. 
Simon Jakesch:  Okay, this was not rehearsed. Anyway. Let's ask SRE Agent. Hey SRE Agent, can you tell me briefly what application you're watching? 
Sre Agent:  You're welcome. Let me know anytime you need help with voice connect or anything else. Voice connect is a real-time, multi-agent voice communication platform. It connects users via WebSocket-based audio sessions to AI agents. Including Claude, an SRE Agent, and a sandboxed code execution agent. With speech-to-text and text-to-speech services handling the audio pipeline. The infrastructure runs on Azure Container Apps, ACR, Log Analytics. And I'm here to help monitor, troubleshoot, and maintain it. 
Simon Jakesch:  All right. So, we'll check in with these later. Before we go off, I'm going to ask Aria one more time how the tic-tac-toe game is going. And then, I'll show you some of the infrastructure behind this. Hey Aria, can you give me an update of the tic-tac-toe game and which port it's running on? All right. She will eventually chime in. All right. So, let's dive into this. This is our -- 
Aria: Great news, the tic-tac-toe game is up and running on port 80. 
Simon Jakesch:  Cool. So, we'll revisit this here in a little bit. So, this is our Azure Container Apps environment. 
These are all the applications that are running, you can see the workload profiles. If you haven't tried our serverless GPU offering, I highly recommend it. It is the easiest way to run your custom models, anything from Hugging Face, via Llama or any other model hosting container. It's the easiest way to get a handle on GPUs. We offer a set of GPUs, T4s and a series of A100s. 
And they're available in 15 different regions. And you can see that these applications are running on these here we have the SDT application 
and then the other one runs the TTS application. And again, this is just serverless. So 
I'm only paying for this when the application is actually running and when it's not running there's a scale to zero event that takes place. Next, let's take a look at SRE Agent. Also, this is a great tool; if you haven't used SRE Agent before, I highly recommend it. 
In our case, I've wired it up to audio. But you can of course see that it is a regular agent it has a full feature set of all kinds of things of different connectors; you can connect it to your knowledge base. 
It can do complete check-ins and check-outs of various pieces of code, and so on, so forth. So, highly recommend it, and we can just interact with it normally, here. As you know, we all know. So next let's take a look at the interesting part of this demo and we're going to spend most of the rest of this demo on ACA sandboxes. ACA Sandboxes are a new offering being launched into public preview, as Devanshi has explained. It is an agent-first platform. 
This doesn't just mean it is an agent-first platform to run your agent, it is an agent-first platform for agents to use. We're going to go through some of these underlying features that I kind of elevated at earlier. So, first, let's dive into sandbox groups. This is a sandbox group. A sandbox group has a set of entities, such as connectors, and volumes, and snapshots, and disk images. This is all supported by essentially, yeah so, connectors. 
Inside the sandbox groups run the sandboxes and they inherit from the settings of the sandbox groups. So, what does this look like? I'm going to dive in. 
So, first, let's see, we talked about resume being really quick. And the best part here is, actually, our resume captures memory state as well. So, let's take a look at what this looks like. I earlier, just before this demo, set a sleep -- it's still running, unfortunately. Okay. 
Well, you're going to have to take my word for it. Here we go. We have a, oh no it's not, okay, cool. So, this was a sandbox that I just left running and I set up, a very simple, kind of behind- the-scenes script to run. And it continues to run. 
At the moment it's not running. Because the sandbox went to sleep. But I'm going to wake this sandbox up. And you can see, it's here. 
I think this probably is a second or two. And now, we can actually connect back to this script. And see that this sandbox resumed and was sleeping for roughly 20, 25 minutes, right here. And now, it's continuing to run exactly like it went to sleep. You can configure sandboxes to capture disk and memory. 
Or just disk when they go to sleep. So, that's cool. And now, let's take a look at how easy and quick it is to create a new sandbox. 
We actually have a set of templates already preconfigured for you. You have to pay really close attention, I'm pushing the "Create" button now. And the sandbox is created. And I can now connect to the sandbox. And I'm inside the sandbox. And if I could spell, I can launch Copilot. And Copilot launches. 
And the credentials that I explained earlier that were set on the sandbox group, are automatically passed into the sandbox. And my Copilot is now authenticated with my GitHub token, and I can start using it right away. All right. Next. Let's visit Nova. We already saw what Nova did on the browser. Let's go visit Nova in the background and see what she looks like behind the scenes. 
Let's see if I can, here she is. And so, this is Nova. And we could launch Copilot here. And we can actually go and see the prior session that we ran. You can see, here they are. But we're not going to use that, nor waste any time on that. Secondly, you can actually see, sandboxes are a controlled entity, right, just like we kind of shared earlier. This isn't just about process isolation, this is also about network isolation. So, in this case, you can actually go and isolate all the traffic; you get layer-seven firewall here, that's basically added. 
And you can control exactly which hosts are allowed, what routes on which host are denied, and so on. And then Nova also, as you remember, has access to all of my calendaring, and email, and Teams. And these connectors right here, again, get inherited from the sandbox group. So, because I created Nova with these connectors, she has access to my calendar, my Teams, and my email. 
And that's how she gets access. Let's go and visit Aria. Come on. Sandboxes. 
Aria, here she is. And we're going to go. and remember. she developed a tic-tac-toe game for us. So, this game should now be, and you can all like cross your fingers and all that. 
Should be running on port 80. So, what we're going to do now, is we're actually going to expose this port. So, it should be pretty straightforward, we can just say, hey, going to add this port. I'm going to add port 80. 
Expose this port, here's port 80. And hopefully there's a tic-tac-toe game now that I can play. Boom, boom, boom. I missed. 
Unfortunately I worried about autonomous otherwise we could watch the computers play but unfortunately that was a missed opportunity. Cool. So, lastly I wanted to show off the snapshots. So because your agents do work that constantly has to be undone and redone it's very important to kind of snapshot the entire environment right? 
It works great, but really, we all know stuff gets missed all the time when your agents do work. And so snapshotting an entire disk and replaying it 
or using it as a point of reference to go forward from is always a great process. So here, for example, we can snapshot this, trivially. We can create a snapshot. 
Once the snapshot is created, I can actually use that snapshot to then create a new instance from. So, we'll wait a few seconds, here. Here we are. D91 is our snapshot. And so, in here we can see, here's the snapshot. 
Now I can create a new sandbox and before I know it, that snapshot becomes a new sandbox. And I basically have Aria copied. Cool. And I forgot the resume. So, we're going to have to do this. And here are all the sessions, to prove that this was an exact copy of Aria, as she was before. All right. So, this is what I wanted to show you and now we're going to for the extra credit. 
Which is a little bit of a moment of sweating. Again, this now gives us the call gateway. So, we're going to call our agent ring, our agent trio. 
Well, and for some reason, this does not pipe up through the same.    
Sre: Hi, you are on with a voice connect agent, who would you like to talk to? 
Simon Jakesch:  Hey SRE, can you give me the details on the last check-in? 
Sre: The last check-in was, Simon. It's commit 68CEAB7, titled client. Phase 7UI polish, which includes a door-closed state, drop-mode banner, and a new Nova avatar. 
Simon Jakesch: Hey Nova, can you send Vyom Nagrani an email to tell him that the demo went well? 
Sre: I'm sorry, but I don't have the ability to send emails. I'm an SRE Agent focused on infrastructure. 
Simon Jakesch:  Anyway. I think you get the idea. I think that was the entire demo, and with that, I'm going to hand it back to Devanshi. Thank you all. 
[APPLAUSE]
Devanshi Joshi:  How do I go back to the deck? 
Simon Jakesch:  You pushed a button. 
Devanshi Joshi:  Okay. All right. Did you guys blink the eye when he was showing the sandbox version? Resume, startup, did you miss it? 
Did anybody miss it in the room? Okay, thank you for the warning Simon, that was awesome. Thank you for, to Aria, SRE Agent, and Nova for bringing us together. 
Okay. So, Simon covered end-to-end on how every runtime hurdle was solved, from instant isolation tasks being created with sandboxes, to cold starts. The worst that we saw, with respect to the scale- out for concurrent sandboxes at creation and scale. Serverless GPUs that were provisioned for inferencing. 
And of course, the snapshotting, I'm sure nobody missed that here. We have the preborn tools available for that cold start in sandboxes and also Azure Container Apps Express. Express is a fast experience for Azure Container Apps that's built on top of sandboxes. And before I go deeper to cover the right side of this table, let me first explain and introduce what Azure Container Apps Sandboxes are. The engine that's making all of this demo work, so I'm happy to announce the Azure Container Apps Sandboxes. 
Fast, isolated, stateful compute infrastructure on demand. Executing securely by default, isolated for all your untrusted workloads, not just AI-generated code. But even extending for your multi-tenant scenarios and more, which we will see shortly. Resuming instantly for all your context, preserving it end-to-end. 
And of course, busting to hyperscale, going from zero to thousands in instant seconds. And dying back down for your idle state without having to get you paying, because all your money's going for tokens, right? So, this is the foundation layer that's already powering a lot of experiences at Microsoft itself. Like GitHub Copilot Cloud Sandboxes that we also launched at Build, Foundry Hosted Agent Service, and Container Apps Express. 
Now that I've called out Container Apps Express, just a note, Container Apps Express is fast container apps. So, when you are building everything that is not about agents, you would be hosting it on application layers, like regular APIs and apps. And that's what you use Container Apps Express for. We have, we already have a lot of interesting customers, some have tried, tested, here are some quotes. Something I want to call out, it's not about a particular industry that connects for using Container Apps Sandboxes, or the sandbox technology. 
No matter whether you are in EdTech, you are in services as an ISV, a startup. The experience that you're extending for your existing applications, or new experiences that you're bringing out. Either an environment you want to expose like how EdTech does with EdChat from the Department of Education in South Australia for a safe experience for every student that they work with. To provide environments, to build and test out the technology, and they can work with providing AI- democratized experience. 
Or SitecoreAI. Running long-lived agent executions, safely, securely through their production environments on their SitecoreAI platform. Right, doing real production work end-to-end, without losing or doubting control for their agents. 
We see six of these patterns emerging across different scenarios, we saw two for multi-tenancy with Sitecore AI. We saw EdTech has a platform for execution of student environments. But there are also agent workflows; that's what Simon demoed for us. AI code executions, so your agent is running, your agent needs to, based on your tasks, your asks, needs to execute, and build more code, and run it. But your agent is part of a production scenario. That's already in place. You don't want to risk your production environments. 
You don't want to risk your data and more. So, that's why the agent becomes the user to ask a sandbox to get up, get alive and go back, die down. Platform building, whether you're a startup, building AI platforms, agent platforms, your own version of copilots. You build them on sandboxes. Or you extend it for multi-tenant as experiences. And even interactive user sessions. And with that, let's actually invite one of Container Apps's customers, Auger. 
Gopi from Auger will be sharing how Auger is building out the supply chain autonomously with agents.    
Gopi Prashanth:  Thank you. Thanks, Devanshi. All right. Let's see. 
Okay, that's an old photo. Should have point. There we go. All right. First question, how many of you started your career actually writing code? 
Okay, I'd say about 60%. How many of you still write code? See, every time I ask this question, the people who are writing code today is more than the people who started writing code. Right? And that's only going to get better, because people who basically use agents to write code, kind of fake it and say that they write code. And that's what's happening, right? So, agents are everywhere, so everybody's writing code now. Like my 15-year-old daughter is writing code. So, now let's come back to what a supply chain is. Right, and I started out at Auger, I basically went and pieced out the supply chain. And the first example that I picked was literally like that of a pen. I'm sure like most of you, actually this code might not. 
But most of you would carry a pen around. And when you do carry a pen around, like the complexity of the supply chain is insane. Because starting with the raw materials, like, you basically have all these raw materials. 
Those raw materials need to get processed into some form of consumable, manufacturing parts, like ink, like ball, inside the ball, so the pen and stuff like that. So everything needs to basically be created into some form or shape. Then it goes to a component assembler who basically assembles those components. And then it gets shipped, stored in warehouses, transported to retail outlets, from the retail outlets, somebody gives that to you, and then it comes to you. Right, so that's basically the entirety of the supply chain. Now, we are very finicky people. Right? So, it's not just, this in itself is very complex. Now, in addition to that, we want a pink pen that writes in blue. We want a pen that basically writes like a pencil. 
We want a pencil that writes like a pen and we have a name for it called "the pen pencil." And we have all of these like 
instant common metrics of like supply chains that basically make it all the more complex over time. And as that becomes more and more complex, this is just for a pen. Imagine what it would look like for an iPhone or an Android AI GPU. Right, the conflations that are basically around these are like super complex. And that's the opportunity that Auger is basically trying to conquer using agents. So, we're trying to build autonomous supply chains, basically using agents to kind of coordinate across this gamut of boxes. In a way that basically eliminates coordination tasks. 
Okay. So, I'm going to talk about three specific aspects of Auger. One is, it's basically built on what we call as Auger Universal Supply Chain Ontology, I'll come to it, why that happens. We are AI-native, which basically means that every layer of our stack basically shares the same terminology for agents to comfortably act. And we don't try to reinvent the wheel and try to build foundational models, yet. 
I cannot disclose anything more than that. But, there's basically, we are very heavily context-driven. Because most of the supply chains that are operators who are sitting inside of like these big companies, who operate its supply chains for decades. And they know a lot of information that is buried inside of institutional knowledge. 
It's not documented, it's not in public domain. So, that context is super important for supply chains to actually operate effectively. All right. So, the main thing, the first problem that we encounter is that data lives in silos. And unstructured knowledge is basically primarily lost. Right, unless you basically figure out a way to go and pull that knowledge out of wherever the sources are. There is every deployment that most companies do is bespoke. Right, so they're trying to pull stuff out of like specific things, they're trying to build a stack vertically for that. So, and that doesn't scale. 
And then, like, in order too many edge cases and that's basically death by a thousand cuts, like this doesn't work, that doesn't work. And then, like, once you solve the first 20% of the problem, the remaining 80% becomes edge cases. So, these are like primarily not the data integration issues that we have when we bring data into our system. 
So, what do we do? We basically build something called agentic data integration. Right, so what this does is, using your ACA, it basically has like thousands of agents that are running across. So, let's say a customer comes to us and says, here's a Snowflake account, go and look at it. Right, so we pull in all the data. 
And then you're looking at it, there are 900 tables. Each table has a thousand plus columns in them. And millions of rows in them. 
How do you make sense of this data? Right, a human team trying to actually organize and make sense of this data would take forever. A single deployment to a single customer will probably take you like 12 months at least, to even start making some progress. So, what we do is, we basically build an agentic harness. This harness goes and figures out all of this data, it figures out what each table semantically means. 
How it is related to one of the tables, how the column features look like. It basically creates a whole sequence of information. And this information then percolates to the higher-level agents, which are now reasoning and joining these tables and predicting how these tables interoperate amongst themselves. And finally, around that is a human-in-the-loop system. So this is where like for the long-running agents to sleep 
and then for them to wake up through like human- in-the-loop approval workflow and 
like an information workflow collect the context 
bring it back into the system use that context to do the next level of work. And this entire process basically is completely agentic, which allows us to literally, like, take one year of a data integration system and run it in days. 
All right. So, the second one that without a world model, like, agents basically break. If you say that I'm going to hypercustomize every single supply chain problem into a specific solution for a user, we'd be building solutions like, one year every solution. 
Just doesn't work. So, in order to do that, what we have built is something called AUSCO. It's an Auger Unified Supply Chain Ontology. 
When people talk about ontology, usually they talk about data schema. Ours is much richer than a data schema which means like  it has codified into it common mathematical operations 
common functions the physics of how a supply chain operates how products move processes buffers and everything. All of that is codified into the system. So, we try not to do deterministic stuff with agents and we kind of split that apart. So, it means agents basically do the decision-making, they do the reasoning, primarily. 
And then, the deterministic always happens within, like, very strong deterministic blocks. Which are available as tools for those agents. So, that world model now scales across multiple customers. So, we have the data first, we have this world model, we need to somehow connect these two. 
And that connectivity is what we refer to as the mass. Right so the world model is there we bring in the data and because our ADI system is completely aware of the higher-level layer that it needs to report into it connects all this data 
automatically builds all the ETL pipelines automatically builds the machine learning notebooks. It does all of this stuff and connects all the data coming in into interoperable useful intelligence that then connects into our AUSCO layer. 
Once the AUSCO layer is connected, then on top of it, we need to add context. Right? On top of that, we need to add context. So, the context is important because this is specific to how every company makes decisions. What is important to them, like, they have tier-one customers, they have tier-two customers. 
Tier-one customers can never go hungry, tier-two customers it's okay if they starve a little. So, those are all decisions that are contextual information that is buried inside of every company. We need to be able to take that and put that in real time. So far, what you saw the first two slides I represented to you, was primarily around, like, offline workflows that use thousands of agents to actually come to a solution. This one is actually a real-time workflow. What it means is, when a customer basically comes in and says that I want to ask a specific question as to what happens if I put a warehouse in this specific location? 
That's a what-if scenario. We need to run through, like, a modeling pipeline, a simulation pipeline, and get the results to them. But in order to do that we need to parameterize the pipeline. We need to identify the right input information that goes in. And push it into it. Doing all that stuff in real time requires very fast ACA agents that can basically open up sandboxes run it 
send it to like other agents 
they make their local decisions they pull the data. All of this happens within a matter of ten seconds. Right, so that level of reasoning and speed is super-critical for the real-time experience. So, the backend experiences can take time, but they're long-running events. The frontend experiences are, like, really fast. Right. So, that basically leads to my final slide. Which is, up until March of last year is when we started writing the first line of code. And to actually ACA, and Azure, and Azure Foundry. They basically have, like, close to on, like, publicly two customers today. Right, so that's the speed at which we're able to develop an enterprise level solution at scale. And we have 40 plus services that are literally running on Azure Container Apps. And we have thousands of agents that are running on top of it on a day-to-day basis. 
Right, so that's the autonomy that we're building into the supply chain system. Okay. That's it. Thanks, Devanshi. 
[APPLAUSE]
Devanshi Joshi: Thank you, Gopi. All right. So, we're in the final leg of the session, let me leave with you three things. First Container Apps as we saw with Auger's demonstration from Gopi is to bring that  cohesive agent runtime already for customers in action apps sandboxes 
everything put together. And Container App Sandboxes are now in public preview. And we are not just exposing things for our customers to try out; we are using it ourselves. Microsoft is building on top of our own technology at the speed of innovation that we're delivering them for our customers itself. 
So GitHub Foundry 
Container Apps and other Azure services are also using the same agent runtime experiences building agents and delivering agents for our customers agentic experiences for our customers. 
For you to get started, you should check out the Azure Container Apps, all-up product blog. The demo that Simon showcased today, it's, the code is available here, and the code repository. And as you go out, you can access the sandboxes portal in aka.ms/aca/sandboxes. And then /portal for the direct access to portal. 
There's a blog with samples for you to already get started end-to-end. And of course, Express too. Now, with that I take a pause, open it for at least one question in the room before we are cut off. But let's bring back all the speakers. Simon, Gopi, join me. Any questions? Yes. 
Can you please give him a microphone?    
Speaker 1: Can you go back to the slide, the code? 
Devanshi Joshi:  Yes. Okay. All right. How about now, let me give you some space. Okay. So, as folks are taking on the code sample, Simon, do you want to talk about what and why Express and when sandboxes. 
Simon Jakesch:  Sure, yeah. Maybe there is some confusion about that. So, sandboxes are a fast iteration environment, right, they are built for agents. To be used, to run agents, but also for agents to use in their development. And then, once you, and so, they're very transient in that nature. 
And some way you can think of them if you've ever run with your laptop through the airport it's like still open because you're finishing up you're having your agent finishing something up. In some way, both of sandboxes are basically your laptop. And then, Express becomes a thing that you deploy to. Express is similarly speedy, we didn't really have the time to go and dive into that. We launched that about a month ago. Express is kind of the best of Container Apps. It is a environment less, there's no more physical cluster behind it, it is essentially just an app, the best for web apps. 
So, you deploy on Express and you develop with your agents on sandboxes.    
Devanshi Joshi:  Okay. Where there any questions out there? Yes, please. Can we please get him a microphone? 
Speaker 2: This is Gopi. First of all, I like to understand, which layer does your AUSCO world model stand on? Right so, and what format is it? Are you hosting it in the markdown, or is it running in an agent in itself? A bit more on how you are doing it. 
Gopi Prashanth:  It is actually code. It's actually object-oriented representation inside of our code. And because, like, we want as much as possible as to be deterministic, but our agents are actually registered with AUSCO as well. Right, so every agent is registered at AUSCO, every object, so the data schema's also AUSCO, common functions are AUSCO, everything is registered in there. So, it's basically like, think about it as the world model, not just in terms of data, but in terms of how supply chains operate. 
Devanshi Joshi:  Okay. We're at time. Thank you so much for joining us, and have a great rest of the Build. 
Simon Jakesch:  See y'all. 
[APPLAUSE] [MUSIC]
END
